(base) karinahalevy@Karinas-MacBook-Pro event_discovery % python event2tax.py
TYPES: ['Anti-LGBTQ+ Incident:Assault', 'Extremist/Police Shootout', 'White Supremacist Propaganda', 'Terrorist Plot/Attack', 'Anti-LGBTQ+ Incident:Harassment', 'Antisemitic Incident:Harassment', 'Antisemitic Incident:Assault', 'White Supremacist Event', 'Antisemitic Incident:Vandalism', 'Extremist Murder', 'Anti-LGBTQ+ Incident:Vandalism']
Anti-LGBTQ+ Incident:Assault
(40, 10)
Anti-LGBTQ+ Incident:Harassment
(284, 10)
Anti-LGBTQ+ Incident:Vandalism
(133, 10)
You are analyzing texts that describe events that are harmful toward Jewish people and attempting to devise a definition and taxonomy of antisemitism. Give your answer in JSON format.
Here are some examples of descriptions of antisemitic events:
Example 1: Individuals punched and kicked a random passerby while shouting anti-gay slurs. The victim was dragged half a mile away and left for dead, though he survived with major injuries.
Example 2: Police shot and killed environmental activist and eco-anarchist Paez Terán after they allegedly fired a bullet that hit a Georgia State Trooper while officers were trying to clear protesters from the controversial "Stop Cop City Encampment." Experts say microscopic gunpowder residue found on Teran's hands indicated they recently fired a shot and, according to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, a forensic ballistic analysis determined the projectile recovered from the officer's leg matched the handgun found in Terán's possession.
Example 3: National Justice Party, a white supremacist group, posted a sticker that read: "White Unity."
Example 4: Tyler W. Massengil is accused of firebombing and damaging a Planned Parenthood clinic by throwing a Molotov cocktail through a window. Massengil allegedly said he wanted to hinder the clinic's ability to provide services. He was charged by federal prosecutors with malicious use of fire to damage the clinic.
Example 5: Approximately three individuals protested a Pride Event, including attempts to proselytize to eventgoers.
Example 6: Students at Vermont Technical College harassed a Jewish classmate with an antisemitic slur and threw change at his dorm room door.
Example 7: An unknown individual driving in a car fired a BB-gun at two visibly Jewish men and two children.
Example 8: Approximately five individuals associated with Parker County Active Club, a white supremacist group, held a meetup and hiking event.
Example 9: Graffiti stating "Kill Jews" and "Fuck the Talmud" was left on an abandoned building.
Example 10: Law enforcement officers discovered the body of a man alongside an interstate highway near Canyonville. The man had been shot to death. Police subsequently arrested Allen Lloyd Swindler, a member of the Proud Boys, and his girlfriend, Sierra Sioux Jennings. Swindler also had a Three Percenter tattoo (associated with the militia movement).  Swindler and Jennings were charged with second-degree murder for the killing, the motive for which was not ideological.
Example 11: An individual stole a Pride flag from a private residence.
Given these examples, provide a definition of antisemitism and a comprehensive taxonomy of different categories of antisemitism and their definitions.
Your answer should be formatted as follows:
{'Definition': str,
'Taxonomy': dict}.
For 'Taxonomy', the keys should be names of categories of antisemitism, and the values should be the definitions of those categories.
('```json\n{\n  "Definition": "Antisemitism is a form of prejudice, discrimination, hostility, or violence directed against Jewish people based on their religious, ethnic, or cultural identity. It can manifest through various actions, beliefs, or expressions that perpetuate stereotypes, spread conspiracy theories about Jews, or seek to marginalize, oppress, or harm Jewish individuals or the Jewish community as a whole.",\n  "Taxonomy": {\n    "Violent Antisemitism": "Physical acts of violence or aggression targeting individuals or property, motivated by hatred of Jews.",\n    "Vandalism and Desecration": "The defacement or destruction of Jewish property, cemeteries, synagogues, or memorials, often involving hateful symbols or messages.",\n    "Harassment and Intimidation": "Behavior that seeks to threaten, alarm, or coerce Jewish individuals or groups, including verbal abuse, bullying, and stalking.",\n    "Discrimination": "Unfair treatment of Jewish people in various spheres of life, such as employment, education, or housing, based on their Jewish identity.",\n    "Hate Speech and Incitement": "Expressions that promote hatred, contempt, or prejudice against Jews, including speeches, publications, or online content.",\n    "Conspiracy Theories": "False and malicious claims that attribute secretive, harmful actions or undue control to Jewish individuals or groups, often linked to historical myths like the \'Protocols of the Elders of Zion\'.",\n    "Holocaust Denial and Distortion": "Denying or trivializing the historical reality of the Holocaust, where six million Jews were systematically murdered, as a means to negate Jewish suffering and perpetuate antisemitic beliefs.",\n    "Institutional Antisemitism": "Policies, laws, or practices within organizations or governments that result in the exclusion or disadvantage of Jewish people.",\n    "Cultural Antisemitism": "The perpetuation of negative stereotypes about Jews in literature, film, media, and popular culture.",\n    "Economic Antisemitism": "False accusations against Jews related to financial matters, such as controlling the world economy or being inherently greedy or corrupt.",\n    "Political Antisemitism": "The use of political systems or ideologies to exclude or undermine Jewish participation or interests, often linked to extreme nationalist or supremacist movements.",\n    "Religious Antisemitism": "Hostility towards Jews based on religious teachings or beliefs, including the accusation of deicide (killing of a deity) in Christian contexts.",\n    "Social Antisemitism": "The exclusion of Jews from social interactions, clubs, or community activities based on their Jewish identity."\n  }\n}\n```', (666, 545))
(base) karinahalevy@Karinas-MacBook-Pro event_discovery % 
